auracle: add page (#4572)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/auracle.md

# auracle

> Auracle is a command line tool used to interact with Arch Linux's User Repository, commonly referred to as the AUR.
> More information: <https://github.com/falconindy/auracle>.

> - Find packages in the AUR by regular expression:

Reviewer: Maybe this is better:
```suggestion
- Display AUR packages that match a regular expression:
```

Author: Reasonable, but just stolen from: https://github.com/falconindy/auracle#features - we search/find packages, right?

> `auracle search {{regexp}}`

Reviewer: If I search for `*-git`, the argument should be between quotes `"`, so:
```suggestion
`auracle search "{{regex}}"`
```

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest single quotes here if that's a regex - they play nicer with special characters such as `$`.

> - Print detailed information about packages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display package information for a space-separated list of AUR packages:
```

> `auracle info {{packagename}} {{packagename}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`auracle info {{package1}} {{package2}}`
```

> - Show the contents of a source file for a/multiple package(s) (e.g. the PKGBUILD):

Reviewer: The `PKGBUILD` is not an example, because the command only show the `PKGBUILD` content, maybe this is better:
```suggestion
- Display the  `PKGBUILD` file (build information) for a space-separated list of AUR packages:
```

> `auracle show {{packagename}} {{packagename}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`auracle show {{package1}} {{package2}}`
```

Author: I'm fine with `x1, x2`, but I took it from https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/master/pages/common/bower.md - maybe the should be a documented convention/guideline for this kind of args?

Reviewer 2: Either wya is probably fine, but I think @navarroaxel's suggestion is slightly clearer.

We don't really have a standard convention here, but if we did it would probably be something sort of similar to @navarroaxel's suggestion. I've seen somewhere `a`, `b`, `N` used too - it doesn't really matter I don't think.

> - Find updates for installed AUR packages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display updates for installed AUR packages:
```
